# Insurance_Claim_DSN
The project was my final task during Intro to Python and Machine Learning #AIWednesdays with Data Science Nigeria. The hackathon was hosted on kaggle. Below is the overview of the hackathon.  
Tunmise Johnson is the heir apparent to the highly reputable Johnson Insurance Plc. The enterprise has traversed decades with vast investment interest in all the various sectors of the economy. Chief Johnson is now 75 years old and has invited his son, Tunmise Johnson, to take over the company with a mandate to take it to the next level of growth as a sustainable legacy. The whole family also entrusted Tunmise to lead this mandate. On resumption, he had an open house discussion with the staff to share his vision and listen to them on taking the business to the next level. Beyond the general operational issues and increasing need for regulatory compliance, one of the staff's issues was a general dissatisfaction from the customers on how long it takes to get a total claim amount. Many customers allege that it takes quite a long time before their claim is approved, and some were not satisfied with the amount they got. Tunmise understood the concern and promised to address it most scientifically. Now, Tunmise called you, a data enthusiast, to use your machine learning skills that you have gotten through the AI Wednesday classes at Data Science Nigeria to build a predictive model that can provide the total amount of claim by a customer in seconds. With this insight, Tunmise can understand the crucial features among the available features that can be used to predict the amount of a claim, thereby creating a fair and unbiased system.
